One of the most hated ideas in Minecraft
history, the villager trading rebalance
might be coming soon. Let me explain.
The villager trading rework was an
update that primarily changed librarian
villagers, making them no longer have
access to every enchanted book in the
game, but instead have a few specific
books depending on what biome they were
from. This change was intended to make
trading for enchanted books more fun by
replacing the tedious re-rolling of
villager trades with exploring to find a
villager that will give you the trade
you want without re-rolling much. And it
was meant to make enchanted book trading
more balanced since right now it's
pretty easy to get infinite of any
enchanted books you want. But Mojang
went too far and made a lot of the
enchanted books really hard to get, like
requiring a swamp villager to get
mending and requiring you to level
librarians all the way up for certain
enchantments. and they aren't even max
level. People hated this. So, for 2
years, Mojang barely did anything
involving this rebalance. But in the
newest snapshot, Mojang fixed a ton of
bugs related to the villager trading
rebalance. So they might be working on
it